The horse-drawn carriage chased by a giant centipede is about to reach its limit.

The horse's breath is rising, it can't bear the speed, and the wheels of the carriage are beginning to creak.



It seems that the horse-drawn carriage is made with ruggedness and size ignoring its appearance, its shape is simple, there is no decoration, and its wheels are too large to be clunky.

I don't know what it's meant to be, but it seems to be strong.

However, if it continues at the current speed, it is safe to break it.



I approach the giant centipede's tail sufficiently, loosen the rolling, stretch out my nails and jump.

He seemed to have 〖paralysis resistance〗, but I hope it helps.

Put on the speed of rotation and forcefully hit the 〖numb and poisoned claw〗.



It is flipped by the sand-colored body surface and its nails crack.



The body is too hard.

This isn't just because of my defense. It may be due to the characteristic skill of the giant centipede 〖Mushio's shell〗.

If you can even break through the surface, you're likely to get some damage.



I managed to regain my collapsed posture, forcibly turning my body, and thrusting my fangs at the exact same part where I hit my nails.



Did you get stuck?

No, it's shallow. The body surface of the giant centipede was dented and the fangs of my upper jaw were embedded, but it was not broken.

Isn't it a little too hard? I thought my fangs would break.



I can't let it go here.

It also hooks the tusk of the lower jaw and bites into a huge centipede.

I managed to find it, but my abdomen rubbed against the desert.



The belly is thinner than the back.

When dragged, it hurts. It's hurt, it's already hot.

The momentum seems to catch fire due to friction.



Moreover, I couldn't do anything in the end because I couldn't hold onto this position.

But I can't let it go.

If you open your mouth here, you will be flipped back. The carriage cannot bear that speed any more.



"Guuuuuu!"growl with



Imy mouth closed.

The giant centipede is ignored and continues to run.



Even if he seems to weigh five times as much as I do, it would be too foul of me to change speed almost.

How much I ate it was so big. Ah, a carriage. That will grow.

It seems that you can eat all the trees.



However, it is definitely slowing down, albeit slightly.

When dragging me, the carriage is faster.

Although it is steady, the distance to the carriage is beginning to increase.



But I can't just escape from the current situation.

It's okay for me to keep rubbing and my belly close to the limit, so it's not surprising that the carriage is about to slow down all at once, looking at the tiredness of that horse.

If this happens, we will catch up even in this situation.



However, other hands are floating, and I can not do anything with this position in the first place, but if I let go, the huge centipede will catch up with the carriage at that moment, and I can only maintain the current situation.

Is there any good way?



“Gigi Jiji Jiji Jiji Ji!”screams



Giant centipedeloudly.

The movement of the horse was a little disturbed, but I picked it up immediately.



Dangerous, let's chill.

The next moment I was relieved, I saw a red light gathering on the head of a giant centipede.

By the way, the giant centipede's long-distance technique, which I checked earlier, isn't it 〖heat ray〗?



If a beam comes out of such a huge body, a horse-drawn carriage will break with a single blow.

From that point of view, it's not a small skill. It's a one-shot killing technique.

I took a bite and slowed down, so I changed the method. I wish I could move the target quietly.



Is there any way to stop it?

No, it's impossible. Even at the maximum speed of 〖Rolling〗, it doesn't seem to me.

Something doesn't have to be stopped.

If you can deviate the orbit of 〖heat ray〗, you can surpass this place.



Fortunately, the giant centipede seems to be paying attention to the preparation of "heat ray", and is slowing down a little more.

In this situation, I can adjust myself.

From a hungry posture, he somehow lifts his legs, puts his nails on the sand of the desert, and steps on them.



This is the end!



Even though the dust is scattered vividly, it is still dragged forward.

Although I was able to decelerate again and again, the giant centipede still does not stop.

In addition, the head of the head is exactly aligned with the carriage, and we are preparing to emit a "heat ray".

I feel like I'm about to shoot something.



You just can't stop it.

Now, at this moment, I have to shift the head of the giant centipede.



Then how about this?

I spread my wings while biting at the rear end, kicking the ground with all my might and jumping up.



The lower half of the giant centipede floated in the air.

My body flies in the sky like a kite and is swung around by centipedes.

I can't lift it any more.

He's running even in this situation.



A bright red light is emitted straight from the head of the giant centipede.

The tip seen through the rays of light appears to shake a lot. I have a lot of heat.



The giant centipede moves its head in an attempt to forcefully change the angle.

While the sand is being burned off, the aim of the ray moves greatly left and right.

Right behind, right next to the carriage, the opposite side of the carriage sways.

The sand struck by the rays makes a loud noise, leaving a black burn mark on the spot.



It's bad, and one day we'll hit a carriage.

It would be discolored if this happens. I'm also in the air, moving my body around.

The aim of the rays is messed up.



A ray of light struck the top of the carriage.

The part shattered and ignited.

Um ... is it dangerous?

No, if that was the case, it would disappear if I was running ...



The cactus in the wrong direction was burned off, and the heat ray stopped.

Did you manage to escape?

Outrageous power. If you get it right, I'll die too.



After taking a rest, the giant centipede begins to accelerate again.

Did you return to the running consciousness that was dedicated to "heat rays"?



A giant centipede leans on his lower body and tries to return it to the ground.

Although he tried to fly backwards with his wings flapping, he struggled and was able to hit his body against the sand of the desert.



Intense pain in the fangs.

It broke due to the impact.

The fangs were brought along as they were to be struck by the power of a huge centipede on that strong shell.



Of course, I couldn't keep holding myself, and I was swayed.

I slammed my back in the desert and rolled to the spot.

The huge centipede released from me accelerates more and more and chases the carriage.

It feels better to be lighter, or faster than the beginning.



I got up in a hurry, but stopped in spite of the momentary situation.

A huge centipede that accelerates, a horse-drawn carriage that slows down due to tiredness.

Before I could tell if I could stop, I wondered if things would end before I could catch up.

And it was clear that this would happen.



I lose my thoughts, ignore pain and stand up.

Although he can see his own tusks with flesh in his sight, he immediately focuses his attention on the huge centipede in front of him.

Don't think about extra things.

For now, just think about catching up with that.

